 1		!Program run mode 0 = pile design test, 1 = fixed mode, 2 = heat map mode, 3 = evolutionary mode
 10000		!number of Monte Carlo realisations
 -4		!Performance metric to use. -4 failure cost, -3 total cost, -2 ave. diff. Settlement, -1 prob. Failure, >=0 geometric statistic
 100,100		!random seeds for virtual soil and genetic algorithm. Set to 0 to be random (clock based) or higher for consistent random numbers. VERY strongly recommend soilseed be kept as a positive integer (e.g 100).
 PP  		!single layer processing option. PP = stage 1 preprocessing. CK = stage 2 preprocessing. SI = site investigation analysis. AL = automatic.
 4		!output mode for heat maps and GA. 1 outputs minimal, essential information. 4 outputs all information. See manual for other values.
 'Z:\data\'	!directory of the data folder
 !evolutionary variables
 200		!max number of evolutionary algorithm iterations
 5		!max number of consecutively equal values
 .false.		!Stopping mode: .true. means wait for it to have converged (remain unchanged for a number of realisations), .false. means wait for a number of iterations past the current GLOBAL optimum before stopping (in case fitness starts increasing).
 1000		!Population size
 1.0		!Percentage error for stop criteria (out of 100)
 0.1,0.001,0.2	!Mutation rates: Initial, minimum, maximum
 1		!mutation mode; 1 = constant, 2 = adapt based on fitness, 3 = adapt based on proximity in parameter space
 0.5		!Fraction of population to keep as parents
 1		!Number of population members to keep UNCHANGED from previous population (this concept is called elitism).
 1		!manner of controlling the borehole locations in the EA. 1 Means start across full soil. 2 Means Start within building footprint. 3 Means ALWAYS keep within building footprint.
 .false.		!generate initial population using a uniform distribution, otherwise use normally-distributed offsets from a regular grid, iff possible
 .true.		!conduct a 2nd phase of genetic algorithm optimisation using normal offsets from the fittest investigation of phase 1
